Advanced Graphics review form -- modified from SIGGRAPH review form

Reviewer Number: 
Title: 
Author:

1) Briefly describe the paper and its contribution to computer  graphics and interactive techniques. Please give your assessment of the scope and magnitude of the paper's contribution

The first contribution is a new technique for generating separate streams of random numbers quickly on the GPU. It then shows how to ray trace volumetric effects such as fog using pseudorandom noise. This paper provides an original contribution and the scope is very adequate for a class project.

2) Is the exposition clear?  How could it be improved?

The exposition was excellent. The paper was very clear and precise. I had no trouble understanding the design and implementation of the project. The author gives a very good background for his topic area before delving into his contributions. I think someone who was very much a novice in this area would be able to read this paper.

3) Are the references adequate?  List any references that are needed.

The references are adequate. The author describes several related works leading up to his own original contribution. The author was very clear about how the previous works related to one another and what his work contributes.

4) Could the work be reproduced by one or more skilled graduate students?  Are all important algorithmic or system details discussed adequately?  Are the limitations and drawbacks of the work clear?

This work could be reproduced. The overall design and implementation is explained well. References for all required background knowledge are given. The author provides source code and very clearly describes the platform and software versions of his test build system.

5) Give an overall rating of the work and the paper on a continuous scale from 1 to 5, where 1 is worst and 5 is best. (In the SIGGRAPH review, this ranking is explained as 1 = Reject, 2 = Doubtful, 3 = Possibly accept, 4 = Probably accept, 5 = Accept).

5

7) Explain your rating by discussing the strengths and weaknesses of the submission.  Include suggestions for improvement and publication venues, if appropriate. Be thorough -- your explanation may be used by the authors to improve their work. Be fair -- the authors spent a lot of effort to prepare their paper, and your evaluation will be returned to them.

This was an excellent paper. It was very well written and clearly described the work of the author. There was no ambiguity in the description of the algorithm and contributions. The author was extremely thorough in describing their test setup for bench marks. For the scope of this class project I cannot find any fault with this paper. 

Great work!


