Advanced Graphics review form -- modified from SIGGRAPH review form

Reviewer Number: Un-Informed
Title: OptiX-based Raytracing with Volumetric Effects
Author: Lawrence Sebald

1) Briefly describe the paper and its contribution to computer
graphics and interactive techniques. Please give your assessment of
the scope and magnitude of the paper's contribution.

This paper presents a technique that can render a volumetric foggy
effect by using the OptiX libraries and the TEA noise function. I
believe that this work can be useful in a sense that OptiX was
combined with other techniques such as a noise function.

2) Is the exposition clear?

The exposition is clear, but the paper contains too much irrelevant
materials. Some brief explanation of GPU history and concepts would be
enough. In Abstract and the Introduction, it takes more than 50% of
the space to just explain the history and basic concepts.

3) Are the references adequate?

It seems to hit enough important works regarding noise and GPU.

4) Could the work be reproduced by one or more skilled graduate
students? Are all important algorithmic or system details discussed
adequately? Are the limitations and drawbacks of the work clear?

I believe that it contains enough for graduate students to reproduct
the work. The implementation details are well described. The
limitation is clear. However, the reason for the limitation seems
rather unclear.

5) Give an overall rating of the work and the paper on a continuous
scale from 1 to 5, where 1 is worst and 5 is best. (In the SIGGRAPH
review, this ranking is explained as 1 = Reject, 2 = Doubtful, 3 =
Possibly accept, 4 = Probably accept, 5 = Accept).

3

6) Please rate your expertise in the subject area of the paper on a
continuous scale from 1 to 3, where: 1=Novice, 2=Some Knowledge,
3=Expert.

2

7) Explain your rating by discussing the strengths and weaknesses of
the submission. Include suggestions for improvement and publication
venues, if appropriate. Be thorough -- your explanation may be used by

How could it be improved?

List any references that are needed.

the authors to improve their work. Be fair -- the authors spent a lot
of effort to prepare their paper, and your evaluation will be returned
to them.

Although I see why the author tried to use TEA noise function, I
believe that it would make more sense to use different noise functions.
Well distributed noise does not necessarily mean better in my opinion.
The goal for a noise function can be well distributed, but it should
have anisotropic pattern. I believe that the author could have used
some other noise function to tweak the volumetric effects, which can
look nicer. It could also provide end-users a good interface to play
around the real-time effects. I think that High Performance Graphics
should be a good place to submit. Using the noise function may not be
very new, however, it can be a good material for the conference given
that the noise function is used together with the OptiX.
