Advanced Graphics review form -- modified from SIGGRAPH review form

Reviewer Number:
Title: OptiX-based Raytracing with Volumetric Effects
Author: Lawrence Sebald

1) Briefly describe the paper and its contribution to computer graphics
and interactive techniques. Please give your assessment of the scope and
magnitude of the paper's contribution

The paper contributed to computer graphics by improving existing pseudorandom
number generation on the GPU, and using that to create noise-based volumetric
effects. The scope of the paper is very applicable to today’s research
in computer graphics. This is a good topic to explore and is a useful
contribution to the field.

2) Is the exposition clear?

Details of the implementation are described clearly and it is easy to read.
The author made it clear what the tutorial he started with gave him, and what
his contribution was. This is well-written and I do not have suggestions to
improve clarity.

3) Are the references adequate?

The references are adequate.

4) Could the work be reproduced by one or more skilled graduate students?
Are all important algorithmic or system details discussed adequately? Are
the limitations and drawbacks of the work clear?

This work could definitely be reproduced by a graduate student. The
techniques are described well and code is provided. The limitations and
the drawbacks are clear. There was a performance decrease as step sizes
decreased, as to be expected. The author states improvements could be made
in voxel traversal and random number generator initialization, leaving room
for further research to be done.

How could it be improved?

List any references that are needed.

5) Give an overall rating of the work and the paper on a continuous scale
from 1 to 5, where 1 is worst and 5 is best. (In the SIGGRAPH review, this
ranking is explained as 1 = Reject, 2 = Doubtful, 3 = Possibly accept, 4 =
Probably accept, 5 = Accept).

4

6) Please rate your expertise in the subject area of the paper on a
continuous scale from 1 to 3, where: 1=Novice, 2=Some Knowledge, 3=Expert.

2

7) Explain your rating by discussing the strengths and weaknesses of the
submission. Include suggestions for improvement and publication venues, if
appropriate. Be thorough -- your explanation may be used by the authors to
improve their work. Be fair -- the authors spent a lot of effort to prepare
their paper, and your evaluation will be returned to them.

The scope of this paper was very appropriate and provides a well-detailed,
simple technique for pseudorandom number generation and volumetric effects.
The results clearly show that the desired goal was achieved to some extent,
although there were admittedly some limitations with the fog effects. These
limitations could be resolved with future work and I suggest continuing
working on this project. Perhaps a demonstration of other volumetric effects
such as smoke and dust would have really strengthened this method as a viable
option for a graphics programmer to implement any kind of volumetric effect
in a GPU-based ray tracer. Also, a different scene, such as a swamp with
foggy ground would have made the fog stand out more against the environment.
This is not a weakness as the author was focused on the implementation rather
than scene-building, but merely a suggestion of how I pictured this effect
could be best shown-off.
