Advanced Graphics review form -- modified from SIGGRAPH review form

Reviewer Number: 
Title: Rendering Particles in a Shaft of Light
Author: Taekyu Shin

1) Briefly describe the paper and its contribution to computer  graphics and interactive techniques. Please give your assessment of the scope and magnitude of the paper's contribution

This paper discusses a method for rendering shafts of light that contain particles. Using citations as nouns is hard to read and distracting. 

2) Is the exposition clear?  How could it be improved?

There are a lot of grammatical errors that make the paper hard to follow in places. 

3) Are the references adequate?  List any references that are needed.

References are very adequate. 

4) Could the work be reproduced by one or more skilled graduate students?  Are all important algorithmic or system details discussed adequately?  Are the limitations and drawbacks of the work clear?

Yes, this work could be reproduced. It would, however, be easier to understand after a revision to clarify and remove grammatical errors. Limitations are discussed adequately. Though some things listed in the "Limitation" section might be more appropriately placed in the "Future Work" section. 

5) Give an overall rating of the work and the paper on a continuous scale from 1 to 5, where 1 is worst and 5 is best. (In the SIGGRAPH review, this ranking is explained as 1 = Reject, 2 = Doubtful, 3 = Possibly accept, 4 = Probably accept, 5 = Accept).

3

6) Please rate your expertise in the subject area of the paper on a continuous scale from 1 to 3, where: 1=Novice, 2=Some Knowledge, 3=Expert.

1

7) Explain your rating by discussing the strengths and weaknesses of the submission.  Include suggestions for improvement and publication venues, if appropriate. Be thorough -- your explanation may be used by the authors to improve their work. Be fair -- the authors spent a lot of effort to prepare their paper, and your evaluation will be returned to them.

The main weakness of the paper was the grammatical mistakes. It made the paper hard to focus on and read. You should have someone proof read your paper if possible. Also, the results section is a little wishy-washy. It would be beneficial to calculate some quantitative results. 


