Advanced Graphics review form -- modified from SIGGRAPH review form

Reviewer Number: 
Title: Deep Shadow Maps from Volumetric Data on the GPU
Author: Adam Shook

1) Briefly describe the paper and its contribution to computer  graphics and interactive techniques. Please give your assessment of the scope and magnitude of the paper's contribution

The paper presents an adaptation of deep shadow map techniques to volumetric data. I was a bit unclear whether the unique contribution of this paper was the implementation using the GPU, or the application to volumetric datasets. Based on the related work and some quick searches, I assume both were new contributions from this paper? Assuming that is true, this is a very convenient and powerful technique. The implementation described in the paper seems limited to cubic volumes, which would significantly hamper the scope of application of this work.

2) Is the exposition clear?  How could it be improved?

The exposition is presented at a fairly high level, and the provided related work gives a good background for understanding the techniques presented in the paper. I did need to do a bit of additional background research to familiarize myself with some of the details of the technique, particularly with some of the terminology used. I think the description of the data structure used (to store 10%/50%/90% depths) could use a bit of additional clarification.

3) Are the references adequate?  List any references that are needed.

The related works provided give a pretty sufficient background necessary to understand the rest of the paper.  Some of the related work section seemed a bit unnecessary or unrelated, and could maybe be replaced with something more relevant.  The references in this section seem to cover a good mixture of seminal papers and more recent work. I am not personally aware of any other papers that were not mentioned that should have been.  A few references for some parts of the implementation might have been good to assert the correctness of the algorithm. A reference or two for the toolkits/packages you built on to make this would be nice too.

4) Could the work be reproduced by one or more skilled graduate students?  Are all important algorithmic or system details discussed adequately?  Are the limitations and drawbacks of the work clear?

The algorithm itself is clearly explained, at both a high and low level of detail. A more detailed explanation of the experimental method used in the results section would be good for comparison with future systems. Most of the drawbacks were pretty clear, but after reading, I was not entirely clear whether the limitation to cubic volumes was due to an inherent conflict with the algorithm, or an implementation detail that was just unresolved for the paper.

5) Give an overall rating of the work and the paper on a continuous scale from 1 to 5, where 1 is worst and 5 is best. (In the SIGGRAPH review, this ranking is explained as 1 = Reject, 2 = Doubtful, 3 = Possibly accept, 4 = Probably accept, 5 = Accept).

3

6) Please rate your expertise in the subject area of the paper on a continuous scale from 1 to 3, where: 1=Novice, 2=Some Knowledge, 3=Expert.

2

7) Explain your rating by discussing the strengths and weaknesses of the submission.  Include suggestions for improvement and publication venues, if appropriate. Be thorough -- your explanation may be used by the authors to improve their work. Be fair -- the authors spent a lot of effort to prepare their paper, and your evaluation will be returned to them.

This technique, as I understood it, is pretty promising and a good contribution to the field.  However, some details need to be added on the potential advantages of this technique.  Also, the cubic volumes issue should be addressed before publishing this.

Overall, the quality/style of the paper was good.  The writing style, organization and presentation were all satisfactory.  There were a few typos that should be edited out before publishing, but overall, well done.
