Advanced Graphics review form -- modified from SIGGRAPH review form

Reviewer Number: Un-Informed
Title: Deep Shadow Maps from Volumetric Data on the GPU
Author: Adam J. Shook

1) Briefly describe the paper and its contribution to computer
graphics and interactive techniques. Please give your assessment of
the scope and magnitude of the paper's contribution

The deep shadow map(DSM) technique with a 3D texture is presented. I
believe that it can be useful in a sense that the same technique(DSM),
but a little different approach was attempted. However, I am not
particularly sure what this technique is supposed to have in terms of
quality compared to the original deep shadow map technique.

2) Is the exposition clear?

I think that the exposition is clear and well-organized.

3) Are the references adequate?

It seems to have only works that are directly correlated. It would not
be worse if there were some seminal papers in that area. Also, it is
good to indicate some recent works and compare them with this work.
For example, DSM techniques are rather based on depth maps. It would
be better to include works based on geometry such as Ulf Assarsson‘s
‘A Geometry-based Soft Shadow Volume Algorithm using Graphics
Hardware.’

Also, I see some related works. However, I do not see his/her own
opinion on the related works. It seems to simply explain the details
of the previous/relevant techniques.

4) Could the work be reproduced by one or more skilled graduate
students? Are all important algorithmic or system details discussed
adequately? Are the limitations and drawbacks of the work clear?

Yes, I think that it is more than being enough. The description is
very thorough.

5) Give an overall rating of the work and the paper on a continuous
scale from 1 to 5, where 1 is worst and 5 is best. (In the SIGGRAPH
review, this ranking is explained as 1 = Reject, 2 = Doubtful, 3 =
Possibly accept, 4 = Probably accept, 5 = Accept).

3.

6) Please rate your expertise in the subject area of the paper on a
continuous scale from 1 to 3, where: 1=Novice, 2=Some Knowledge,
3=Expert.

How could it be improved?

List any references that are needed.

1.

7) Explain your rating by discussing the strengths and weaknesses of
the submission. Include suggestions for improvement and publication
venues, if appropriate. Be thorough -- your explanation may be used by
the authors to improve their work. Be fair -- the authors spent a lot
of effort to prepare their paper, and your evaluation will be returned
to them.

I think that it is fairly similar to the previous techniques. I am
wondering how much space this technique takes because it uses a 3D
texture. I am also wondering if it may cause some serious slow-down if
this technique applies to a complex geometry and many complicated
objects. I gave this 3 also because the related works may need some
revision. However, in terms of everything else, I am convinced that it
can bring some insight in the field because it delivers a visually
pleasing result and seems that it can apply to many different objects
without hassles. I personally like the approach very much as well. In
conclusion, the result is convincingly pleasing versatile in my
opinion so it deserves acceptance.
